{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2759
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 <html>\
<body>\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 I\'92m not sure how else to start this project, but the best way to do it seems to be to just start writing. I\'92m certain my family will find a robot version of me horrendous. I decided to start this because of the Andy Warhol diaries. He would record conversations between himself and a friend over the phone. He talked about his whole life and opened up to this particular person. I don\'92t think I have anyone that I can consistently keep up with like that so a virtual diary will have to do.
\f2\fs24 \
\

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 Today I went to the CVS Minute Clinic to see if I had some kind of sinus infection because my face is exploding from allergies. The nurse practitioner gave me a drug cocktail to hopefully make my face stop swelling.
\f2\fs24 \
\

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 I\'92ve been thinking a lot about Liz and Kenzie\'92s wedding and how it is impending. That always makes me cry. As does the thought of them reproducing. Surprise, surprise.
\f2\fs24 \
\

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 I\'92ve also been thinking about my trip across Europe. I do miss traveling solo from England, to Germany, to Italy. I stayed in Briston while I was there and went to London to visit a bunch of museums. The British Museum, The Imperial War Museum, The Churchill War Rooms, and the National War Museum. I loved the quotes from Winston Churchill, particularly \'91All men are worms, but I am a glow worm.\'94 While I was in Germany I visited Berlin, Munich, and Nuremberg. I went to several war museums and art museums while I was there. I also met a great guy in my Berlin hostel who took me out for a beer. He was a digital humanist too. I walked all around the Berlin wall and took as many graffiti pictures as possible. There was one image in particular that I liked so much I decided to get tattooed. Suki and I now have matching rabbits in rocking chairs on our ankles.\
</body.
\f2\fs24 \
</html>}